Update for December 21, 2016

Read documentation
Setup new plugin
Ask and collaborate with Arvin for the facebook connect authentication
Give my account fb account to Arvin in order for me to get access with facebook api
Change the api and secret with in authentication and callback files
Add facebook login button
setup facebook api shared by arvin
Retrieve API key and Secret key from facebook api and setup it to personal profile info
debug api key and secret key to see if its working
when user successfully authenticated set retrieve the picture, name and email

--------------------------------------------------------------

Marvin is the one who created that part as Arvin response,
he is off now will see tomorrow.





Update for December 23, 2016
create class for the facebook authentication
set facebook data to be stored in the system when partner authenticated to facebook
save facebook data to database, this will remember the specific partner that they are authenticated with facebook already
add popup when hit delete icon
create a design with facebook image, full name and email
when popup show and hit yes, the action will delete the session stored in the system and delete the stored facebook data
create a function to delete session and database data
separate function that should be retrieved specifically
arrange and setup html and styling for the popup
arrange and setup html and styling for the display of facebook profile pic, fullname and email

-------------------------------------------

continue with personal data tomorrow..






Update for 23, 2016

able to update OP "facebook email" tag
able to remove OP "facebook email" tag
filter the business profile image,
fix design for the authenticated facebook modal, email, fullname and delete icon
add helper file that where we can store the global variables and this can be used in umbrella messaging portal soon
getting profile business image, placed to helper for global use purposes
change functions names that will matched to our function call, this will help more readable with other developer
separate return functions
add functionality to trigger update or remove op facebook tag

---note----
Need to let Marvin put all the design in personal profile then i can add mine too, sense the functionality are ready.

Todo by 27, 2016

Check each reply who replied whos agent replied to it
If found that this is the agent then grab the profile pic and name to display in the chats or replies
Set agent with profile picture to show

Agent login to wordpress and can visit to an plugin in admin “message portal agent profile”
-	Full Name
-	Profile Pic Link
-	Allow to update

When they update it the that will be used in chatting and replies in the tickets


Hi Rich,

Personal profile is ok now in my end and Marvin will check it and do his update
then he can ask you to check after, as he told me.

Update for 27, 2016
1. Create ui for message portal settings fullname and profile url with agents
2. When delete facebook need to reload twice so that when user want to authenticate facebook again, authentication will not fail.
3. Add image index to wp_option table for facebook authentication status, this will help to decide what to display facebook or manual upload
5. Update image index to wp_option when manual image profile pic upload executed by the user
6. Add popup to facebook include picture function
7. Remove index.php in the plugin, because this will cause an error and conflict plus redundant in coding.
8. Remove all the debugging and fix the design of the personal-profile page, I only fixed my part as facebook authentication
9. Add facebook image, email, name and delete below of the profile pic
10. If facebook authenticated then facebook profile pic should show in the main picture and below it.
11. If new custom image uploaded then facebook profile pic displayed in the main image will re replaced with custom image but below facebook info will be replaced
12. Remove css in main plugin personal-profile to avoid conflict

Todo for 28, 2016
Fix any update above and issue if any
Continue working FD admin profile picture with reply